bring a large pan of water to the boil
lightly toast and buttered the muffins
then keep them warm in the oven heat the
butter in a wok or large frying pan then
add the spinach and seasoning toss the
spinach in the pan until wilted remove
from the pan and drain off any excess
water through a sieve pour the vinegar
into the boiling pan of water then lower
the heat so it's gently simmering crack
two eggs into separate cups
stir the water so you have a slight
whirlpool then slide in the eggs one by
one cook for three to four minutes then
remove with a slotted spoon gently heat
the hollandaise in a small bowl over a
pan of simmering water to serve arrange
the muffins
each hog slightly overlapping top with
the spinach smoked salmon and poached
eggs
spoon over the hollandaise scatter with
chives and grind over some black
made this recipe tell us what you think